README.md, before:

# 2023 IDETC Hackathon <br /> Automating Material Selection for Product Design   

<div>
<img src="overview.png" width="500"/>
</div>

Welcome to the Autodesk problem statement for the 2023 IDETC hackathon!

In this challenge, your task is to come up with an open-ended solution to identify an appropriate material for a set of parts, based on their CAD geometries and assembly context. 

| **Material   Category** 	| **Definition**                           	| **Example(s)**         	|
|-------------------------	|------------------------------------------	|------------------------	|
| Metal_Aluminum          	| Aluminum-based metal                     	| Aluminum alloy         	|
| Metal_Ferrous           	| Ferrous metal (excluding carbon   steel) 	| Cast iron              	|
| Metal_Ferrous_Steel     	| Carbon steel                             	| Stainless steel        	|
| Metal_Non-Ferrous       	| Non-Ferrous metal                        	| Platinum, silver       	|
| Other                   	| Uncategorized material                   	| Glass, fabric, ceramic 	|
| Plastic                 	| Plastic                                  	| Thermoplastic          	|
| Wood                    	| Natural and engineered wood              	| Softwood               	|

## Problem Statement
- The hackathon's goal is to predict the `material_category` for each body in the [test set](dataset/test_data) (released during the hackathon). The [train data](dataset) contains material category labels for each body of each assembly in the `assembly.json` files.
- [Link to PDF]().


## Dataset
- [Download instructions](dataset). Please note that the dataset has been modified for this hackathon, and you should only use data from these download instructions in your implementation.
- **Dataset Specifications:** Please refer to [the original documentation](https://github.com/AutodeskAILab/Fusion360GalleryDataset/blob/master/docs/assembly.md) for information about the structure of the data in `assembly.json` and to find out more about the features in the dataset.

## Baseline 
- A GPT-based baseline can be found [here](baseline/gpt_baseline.ipynb).
- This can serve as an example of how to extract useful features from the data, and how to evaluate the method.

## Submission
- [Submission script]().

Commit message:

added info about `material_category`

README.md, after:

# 2023 IDETC Hackathon <br /> Automating Material Selection for Product Design   

<div>
<img src="overview.png" width="500"/>
</div>

Welcome to the Autodesk problem statement for the 2023 IDETC hackathon!

In this challenge, your task is to come up with an open-ended solution to identify an appropriate material for a set of parts, based on their CAD geometries and assembly context. 

| **Material   Category** 	| **Definition**                           	| **Example(s)**         	|
|-------------------------	|------------------------------------------	|------------------------	|
| Metal_Aluminum          	| Aluminum-based metal                     	| Aluminum alloy         	|
| Metal_Ferrous           	| Ferrous metal (excluding carbon   steel) 	| Cast iron              	|
| Metal_Ferrous_Steel     	| Carbon steel                             	| Stainless steel        	|
| Metal_Non-Ferrous       	| Non-Ferrous metal                        	| Platinum, silver       	|
| Other                   	| Uncategorized material                   	| Glass, fabric, ceramic 	|
| Plastic                 	| Plastic                                  	| Thermoplastic          	|
| Wood                    	| Natural and engineered wood              	| Softwood               	|

## Problem Statement
- The hackathon's goal is to predict the `material_category` for each body in the [test set](dataset/test_data) (released during the hackathon). The [train data](dataset) contains material category labels for each body of each assembly in the `assembly.json` files.
- [Link to PDF]().


## Dataset
- [Download instructions](dataset). Please note that the dataset has been modified for this hackathon, and you should only use data from these download instructions in your implementation.
  - The data has been modified to include in each `assembly.json` file a `material_category` label for each body. This label, which describes the material category of the body as defined in the table above, can be used to train your model.
- **Dataset Specifications:** Please refer to [the original documentation](https://github.com/AutodeskAILab/Fusion360GalleryDataset/blob/master/docs/assembly.md) of the Fusion 360 Gallery Dataset for information about the structure of the data in `assembly.json` and to find out more about the features in the dataset.

## Baseline 
- A GPT-based baseline can be found [here](baseline/gpt_baseline.ipynb).
- This can serve as an example of how to extract useful features from the data, and how to evaluate the method.

## Submission
- [Submission script]().
